These two will definitely fetch a good price.
Where the hell are you going?
Chase me
Ha ha.
Ha this
Fei Ge didn't see that Lao Tzu was doing something
Rolfigo
Gangqin said that two children asked us if we found it.
Go away
There was a woman at the door just now.
Said to sell it to our two children
Two pairs of children
Go and see
Fei Ge, the cooked duck is flying back again.
Congratulations Fei Ge
Give it
What about money?
Two such handsome children, I don't want to 200,000 much
I want to take the child away for this stinky money
I took the baby away
Why don't you look at this place?
If the child says to take it away, take it away.
I tell you hum
Get to know each other.
Take the money and get out
backtrack
No money, right?
Just want to take the child away?
Zhao oops